Computing summaries and embeddings for 1 texts...
EXTRACT:

﻿TREASURE ISLAND




PART ONE--The Old Buccaneer




1

The Old Sea-dog at the Admiral Benbow


SQUIRE TRELAWNEY, Dr. Livesey, and the rest of these gentlemen having
asked me to write down the whole particulars about Treasure Island, from
the beginning to the end, keeping nothing back but the bearings of the
island, and that only because there is still treasure not yet lifted, I
take up my pen in the year of grace 17__ and go back to the time when
my father kept the Admiral Benbow inn and the brown old seaman with the
sabre cut first took up his lodging under our roof.

I remember him as if it were yesterday, as he came plodding to the
inn door, his sea-chest following behind him in a hand-barrow--a
tall, strong, heavy, nut-brown man, his tarry pigtail falling over the
shoulder of his soiled blue coat, his hands ragged and scarred, with
black, broken nails, and the sabre cut across one cheek, a dirty, livid
white. I remember him looking round the cove and whistling to himself
as he did so, and then breaking out in that old sea-song that he sang so
often afterwards:

SUMMARY:

1. The narrator: The narrator is writing down the story of Treasure Island
from the beginning to the end as told to him by his father who used to run the
Admiral Benbow inn, where the story takes place.

2. Squire Trelawney: Squire Trelawney is one of the gentlemen who has asked
the narrator to write the story of Treasure Island. At present, he doesn't
have much role in the story except for initiating the writing of it.

3. Dr. Livesey: Dr. Livesey is another gentleman who has asked the narrator to
write the story of Treasure Island. Again, at present, he doesn't have a
significant role in the story other than being one of the people to have
requested it.

4. The old sea-dog: The old sea-dog is a brown, strong, heavy, nut-brown man
who arrives at the Admiral Benbow inn with a chest in a hand-barrow. He has a
tarry pigtail that falls over the shoulder of his soiled blue coat, ragged and
scarred hands, and a sabre cut across one cheek. He whistles and sings an old
sea-song, and is a character who will play a significant role in the story.


.

Elapsed time: 9.1854 seconds
